Hey how's it going Dave TD here so this
is a video on some tech accessories that
I think are super useful for students
and this is not going to be a video
where you're gonna see stuff like TVs
and speakers because as fun as those are
I seriously don't think that those are
just really all that useful for students
what you will see are things that I
actually think are well I'm not a
student anymore but I feel like if I had
these when I was a student these would
be awesome okay first up are some cables
they're not just any cable these are
every cable in one cable so these are
made by a company called chiffon and
it's essentially every single charging
cable connected into one USB a cable so
we have mini USB micro USB USB C and on
the big one it actually comes with two
lightning cables so with this device you
can basically charge any phone as long
as how's Maeve in the last like 10 or 15
years I think this is incredibly useful
so the thing that makes this thing cool
is how simple it is and you can keep it
in your bag your car wherever you want
they're very inexpensive I think they're
like eight or nine dollars yeah great
purchase very useful in my opinion
second on the list are some battery
packs so my go-to battery pack is anchor
I feel like they make some of the best
quality battery packs on the market
they're inexpensive and they don't have
like stupid features like lights and
like flashlights and RGB stuff going on
very simple but very reliable batteries
that I've owned from even before I
started doing YouTube stuff they come in
various colors and various sizes and
some of the bigger ones from anchor can
recharge some laptops now if you're in
the market for a battery pack and you
want something that's a little bit more
streamlined there are a couple devices
out there that have like built-in prongs
so you can just plug them right up into
the wall to charge and they have
built-in cables to make it that much
easier now sadly I've never found one of
these all-in-one battery packs for a use
PC but they do have them for micro USB
and lightning I'll link both of them
below alright the last thing I want to
talk about is storage and I really think
this device is something that every
student in 2017 should have this is a
device it's just a flash storage right
very unassuming but it has both USB see
and use PA on one device so you can just
flip it around and plug it into whatever
port you want if you format this thing
with x5
you can connect it to any computer Mac
OS Windows Linux whatever you want
you're basically unstoppable but the
thing that makes this thing's so useful
is like if you ever want to transfer a
file or you need to transfer someone's
file over to your computer whatever like
this thing and it goes onto your
keychain right it's so small it's so
insignificant get this thing this will
save your butt so many times in school
like just do it okay if you want
something a little more substantial we
have Seagate and Western Digital drives
these are obviously a lot bigger these
are one terabyte at a minimum I think
they started like 50 bucks they're
relatively inexpensive and you can use
these things as backup to store your
work your games your videos whatever you
want now I've always used Seagate drives
in the past but I've actually tried
these recently and these Western digital
ones and I find them actually slightly
better they're equivalent in price but
the thing that makes these kind of cool
I mean they come in different colors so
that's kind of a bonus but they have
these rubber feet on the bottom the
Seagate drives don't so when you place
them down on a table the Western Digital
ones just I don't know they stick around
a little better and that alone makes me
prefer them more but you can't go wrong
with all of them ok that's basically it
three pretty important pieces of
technology I think every student should
have